sup guys Bosco raising here and in this
video I'm gonna talk about my favorite
busted-up small cod ghosts' I often
change guns when I'm playing ghosts but
there have been the top three classes
that seem to just stick with me I don't
really change them very often yeah I
made this video specifically for this
month because of course they do
update the game change the guns so yeah
if everything changes and I love using
different guns I'll probably make a new
video first time we've got the mtar
we've got the muzzle break extended
mates and fore grip on you can you can
have a look at that pause the video if
you want you to make your to make your
class but so yeah the mtar the end has a
good gun it can be used at long range
and short range but um yeah this is I've
got some Ripper footage here because I
thought this would probably be the one
alternative gun that I'd bring in
instead of the mtar mostly because you
can shoot people
long range where you can swap to assault
but yeah I recommend the mtar because it
did get patched a little bit I'm sure
but I I'm still using it so so the
Remington is the next gun there are a
lot of people like this gun and I'll
I've sort of been tossing up between
which attachments to use on it
I think sopressa is like a definite for
me now
and I've actually started teas red dot I
don't have that on this gameplay but um
I think it's I think it really works
well see ya on the class setup I have
muzzle break and extended mags but I
don't use my little break right off the
nail and she suppressed her instead
again you can you can pause the video if
you want to make your class there
yeah the reference II in this gameplay
here I have the red dot and the
suppressor on and I think it just gives
you that that extra accuracy especially
at long-range because the iron sights
like I don't find it very good for
shooting people at long range and even
with the suppressor it doesn't have that
much recoil so it's it's pretty it's
pretty good yeah that's about it for the
moment in it again play here
also another alternative for this gun is
the a K a lot of people use the a K but
I just find that they has way too much
recoil with suppressor on it now I still
use that occasionally wasn't trying to
occur for Kem's and things but I think I
prefer the Rivington now and yeah the
the Ripper's cansada be used to long
range - but I'd stick with the Remington
for medium to long range I I trace all
these classes more based on choosing
three classes that would work on every
map sir I also put a sniper one in here
now this is pretty much a sniper setup
that I use all the time I I do like a
hybrid of quick scoping and like aiming
down the map I do a bit of both
like i quickscope as much as I can't
in a snap setup II's curtain lined and
piercing
sometimes I'll decide to use them all
but most of the time I just use crime
lined and I'm a piercing I find that it
works best long range
I mostly just make sure I have
quick-draw on so I can quick scope and
focus so that when I get a shot it
doesn't make it like impossible to shoot
people yeah I think that's the
scorestreaks I sometimes use assault
with a sniper depending on what map and
then I'll just use support a lot of the
time because I'll get shot but I'll
still get enough kills to get the
support kill streaks yeah so that's
that's the sniper setup so I'd say that
if I had to choose any three classes to
go and play Cod these would be the three
so yeah thank you guys for watching hope
this really helped and I'll see you
later